=pod

=head1 NAME

Hyper::Developer::Manual::Glossary - Glossary of terms

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Hyper::Developer::Manual::Glossary 0.01

=head1 DESCRIPTION

A glossary of terms used in the documentation of Hyper.
This glossary defines each word, which is not part of simplified English
or L<perlglossary>.

=head1 TERMS

=over 4

=item attribute

An attribute is an entity that defines a property of an object, or element.
An attribute usually consists of a name and a value.

=item container

A container is an object that can hold things.

=item control

A control is an interface element that a computer user interacts with,
such as a window, a text box, or a submit button. A control can consist of other controls.

=item field

A field is a part of data.
For example, the name of a person may consist of two distinct fields:
first name, and last name.

=item framework

A framework is a set of classes.

=item label

A label is a brief description given for purposes of identification.
In Hyper a label is the text displayed in combination with a control.

=item method

A method is a piece of code associated with a class or object to perform a task.

=item namespace

A namespace is a space (or context) which restricts the validity of a name to this space.

=item service

A service is a part of a website. A service consists of usecases.
Example: The website of a company offers the services hosting, mail, and domain.

=item step

A step is a part of a usecase.

=item template

A template is a ...

=item transition

A transition is a definition of the next step.

=item usecase

A usecase is a single interaction between an actor (an user) and other (secondary) actors,
and the system itself. A usecase is a sequence of steps.
Example: The service mail has the usecases create account, configure spam filter,
and configure mail forward.

=back

=head1 RCS INFORMATIONS

=over

=item Last changed by

 $Author: $

=item Id

 $Id: $

=item Revision

 $Revision: $

=item Date

 $Date: $

=item HeadURL

 $HeadURL: $

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Helmut Wollmersdorfer C<< <helmut@wollmersdorfer.at> >>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2007, Helmut Wollmersdorfer C<< <helmut@wollmersdorfer.at> >>.
All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
